docs: add english document (#17)
ecomfe/veui-docs: one/docs/en-US/components/accordion.md

# Accordion

:::tip
The `Accordion` component needs to be used by the inline [`Collapse`](./collapse) component.
:::

## Demos

> ### Size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Size variants
```

> Available size variants for the ui prop: `s` / `m`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available size variants for the [`ui`](#props-ui) prop: `s` / `m`.
```

# Accordion

:::tip
The `Accordion` component needs to be used by the inline [`Collapse`](./collapse) component.
:::

## Demos

### Size

> Optional size [`ui`](#props-ui) property value: `s` / `m`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available size variants for the ui prop: `s` / `m`.
```

现在其它已经翻译的都是这么写的。

[[ demo src="/demo/accordion/size.vue" ]]

### Style

> You can use the [`ui`](#props-ui) property to set multiple styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`ui`](#props-ui) property to apply style variants.
```

[[ demo src="/demo/accordion/variant.vue" ]]

### Multiple

> You can use the [`multiple`](#props-multiple) properties to multiple panels to expand at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`multiple`](#props-multiple) property to allow multiple panels to be expanded at the same time.
```

[[ demo src="/demo/accordion/multiple.vue" ]]

### Icon position

> You can use the [`toggle-position`](#props-toggle-position) property to set the position of the expand icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`toggle-position`](#props-toggle-position) property to set the position of the toggle icon.
```

[[ demo src="/demo/accordion/position.vue" ]]

## API

### Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| -- | -- | -- | -- |
| ``ui`` | `string=` | - | [^ui] |

> | ``multiple`` | `boolean=` | `false` | Allow multiple sub-panels to expand at the same time. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``multiple`` | `boolean=` | `false` | Whether to allow multiple panels to be expanded at the same time. |
```

> | ``disabled`` | `boolean=` | `false` | Disabled the accordion. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``disabled`` | `boolean=` | `false` | Whether accordion is disabled. |
```

| ``expanded`` | `string | Array<string>` | - | [^expanded] |
| ``toggle-position`` | `string` | `'start'` | [^toggle-position] |

^^^ui

> Preset styles. A combination of a set of enumeration values separated by spaces. Among them, you can only choose one of `simple` / `basic` / `strong`. If you don't set it, it will be the default normal style. Only one of `bordered` / `borderless` can be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Style variants. A space-separated enum list. Only one of `simple` / `basic` / `strong` can be used. The default style will be used if not set. Only one of `bordered` / `borderless` can be used.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+++Enum
| Value | Description |
| -- | -- |
| `simple` | Simple style. |

> | `basic` | White background style. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `basic` | Basic style. |
```

> | `strong` | White background style. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `strong` | Strong style. |
```

> | `bordered` | There is an outer border. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `bordered` | Bordered style. |
```

> | `borderless` | No outer border. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `borderless` | Borderless style. |
```

> | `dull` | The title area does not change its style in response to mouse interaction. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dull` | The title area does not change style in response to mouse interaction. |
```

| `s` | Small size style. |
| `m` | Medium size style. |
+++
^^^

^^^expanded
:::badges
`.sync`
:::

> Expanded accordion panel,Corresponds to the [`name`](./collapse#props-name) property of the inline `Collapse` component. When `multiple` is `true`, it is an array of accordion panel identification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The identifier of the expanded accordion panels, corresponding to the [`name`](./collapse#props-name) properties of the inline `Collapse` components. When `multiple` is `true`, it is an array of accordion panel identifiers.
```

^^^

^^^toggle-position

> Position of the expansion icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The position of the toggle icon.
```

+++Enum
| Value | Description |
| -- | -- |

> | `start` | Expand icon is at the start position, is the default position. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `start` | The toggle icon is at the start position. Default value. |
```

> | `end` | expand icon is at the end position. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `end` | The toggle icon is at the end position. |
```

> | `none` | No expansion icon. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `none` | Do not show the toggle icon. |
```

+++
^^^

### Slots

| Name | Description |
| -- | -- |

> | ``default`` | The content area is used to inline the `Collapse` component. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``default`` | The content area, which is used to place inline `Collapse` components. |
```

### Events

| Name | Description |
| -- | -- |
| ``toggle`` | [^toggle] |

^^^toggle

> Triggered when the title area of the inner collapsible panel is clicked to trigger the expand/collapse. The callback parameter is `(expand: boolean, name: string, expanded)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triggered when clicking on the internal panel title to trigger expand/collapse. The callback parameters are `(expand: boolean, name: string, expanded)`.
```

+++Props
| Name | Type | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `expand` | `boolean` | Expand the accordion. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expand` | `boolean` | Whether to expand the collapsible panel. |
```

> | `name` | `string` | Switch expanded accordion panel. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` | `string` | The name of the collapsible panel. |
```

> | `expanded` | `string | Array<string>` | All currently expanded accordion panel. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expanded` | `string | Array<string>` | Identifiers of all currently expanded accordion panel. |
```

Author: 我悟了，我来改改看其他的！
